everyone loves
I'm finally back with one
new video and a make-up look
Today I wear in the last
time weird like fake eyelashes
because I think that's the eyes
just look really nice
really dry there is so as
The eyes would immediately fall in the eye
look really nice and sexy
and that's why I thought so
make that a video like the wrong one
can wear eyelashes without saying so
To look impersonated so one
carry a reasonably natural look
Can be worn during the day
and there you have your false eyelashes
it is a very natural one
eyes make up that has the
False eyelashes have to be added
I say he is especially important what
for false eyelashes you used
I have such chris swanky so
those that cross and hour
These are always very natural
you can do that for example on ebay
order that is much cheaper
worth mind to dm run and you there
Individual buys because so often
one after the other one can not
bear the cost when dm I think they
maybe 23 euros and you're gonna get
on ebay for a whole pack of 20
Eight or something for which I believe eight
euro or something so worth it
times on ebay or amazon so what
purely to see if there is anything
I would really recommend you so much
fun, terry said next
i start with a base i am ourselves
a myspace just about the white
color I'll come on it later
a little better to pick up
but you know every band you take
home, it's from my to
Face palette another color too
here freedom should be left
just looks so similar takes that
what you have at home i wear the
color on the whole goes up and also
under the brown bow just around there
to marry, so to speak
immediately with experienced ones next
I mean the page cosmetic palette
natural palette which is super great
and take a bishop there
have the relatively close my skin tone is
and just define my mine
eye bit and target it this way
sentiment continues through one of course
then they think the same again
getting easier are not that hard
next is not such a color
a slightly darker tone
darker build and take and define
so the outer v is a bit simple
so that the eyes as I said a bit
look defined and that will too
again blinded next was valid
For a long time I participated with a black kohl
small means sometimes the upper one
waterline to allow the eye to
again is defined in more detail and the
eyelashes look fuller though
you do not draw a line, I take that
easy and also invite a little between
eyelashes with a kohl and then pull
also very very thin
He strokes over the eyelashes too
possible to be totally casual so must
not perfect as it was then
chosen because the bandages again
blur it a bit
we have to mix for the blinded
a slightly wider brush next to it
one with really hard bristles best
so too short or what you too
she just has to look home
which offers itself quite well if not
take the finger that we just
as I said my god I repeat myself
Today for the 500 I always find only the
same words today and associate it
a bit, then we take too
again a black color in
black shadow namely such a to
such a market most evenly also
on this hard brush on it and
blur it again and, so to speak
such a very light, very thin black
line to pull the eyelashes fuller
to look like
Now it's a bit quick
then have the white again
tightened
so it's not quite as disappeared
and now it is especially important that you
It is best not to make your make before her
applied up in detail small
It happens quite often that they still
the lower one, which is still black
and we have to go back
brush away
viens has just seen with a 2 as
Next is simply the eyelashes to
use
blue1 a few with them examined
look and then I use one
channel in such a skin or you can
pink or skin or something you
At home I just like to say
that black and below that me
do not have to react to the work
of course, the eyelashes will come next
the most important part is snowing
First off what's too long for me and
she then stayed around the finger like that
it looks to this arc, so to speak
reinzubekommen
it's actually harder, really
adjust
that has a glue and lives your pennants
and because you have to just try around
Exercise is what eyelashes really do
The master you just have to try
try try sometime it works
just as it suits you then I go
I am catholic and ink up and down
nice and what i make my earth
as long as the middle of the nice wet
is
to get back to my beliefs
the eyelashes a bit better
to combine with it
not conspicuous and last
of course, the make-up comes the cattle is
like iris like you like it everybody
day makes that is that such
result you